LOOK! LOOK! I WON!
I WON! HA HA HA!
I WON $5,000!
YOU TRIED TO GET HIM
OUT OF THE GAMES,
DIDN'T YOU?
YEAH, I DID.
YOU DON'T WORK
FOR ME ANYMORE.
PICK UP AND GET OUT!
YOU WANT TO GO HOME,
DON'T YOU?
NO.
YOU DO. WE ALL DO.
WELL, WE CAN'T.
IT WOULDN'T BE FAIR
TO MARY.
NOTHING FOR HER
IN WALNUT GROVE.
SHE'S GOT TO TEACH.
WE CAN'T ASK HER
TO GIVE THAT UP.
[CALLIOPE PLAYING]
THREE SIXES.
WELL, I'M AFRAID THAT
CLEANS YOU OUT, TOBY.
HEY, YOU'VE GOT TO GIVE ME
A CHANCE TO GET EVEN.
NO, NO, NO.
NO MARKERS. I'M SORRY.
NELS, WHERE DID YOU
GET THAT MONEY?
IT'S MY PAY.
I QUIT.
WHAT?
WHY DOES EVERYBODY
SAY "WHAT"?
EVERYBODY GO DEAF?
SHH!
I DON'T WANT
MY CHILDREN SPREAD OUT
ALL OVER THE FACE
OF THE EARTH.
I'M NOT A CHILD ANYMORE, PA.
I'M A WOMAN.
I'VE GOT MY OWN LIFE,
AND I'M GONNA BE HAPPY.
YOU SURE YOUR PA
WON'T GET MAD?
NAH. HE'S GOT PLENTY.
WE'LL JUST
SHOOT OFF THIS ONE.
LOOK OUT.
[FIREWORKS WHISTLING
AND EXPLODING]
RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
MY BUILDING'S ON FIRE!
WATER! WATER!
GET THAT THING GOING!
IT DON'T WORK.
SOMETHING'S WRONG.
[LOUD EXPLOSION]
GET ME BUCKETS
OF WATER.
I THINK YOU'RE
FORGETTING, MISTER,
I DON'T WORK
FOR YOU ANYMORE.
INGALLS, WATER!
JUST CALL ME CHARLES,
AND I DON'T WORK FOR YOU
ANYMORE, EITHER.
WHAT?
WHAT TIME DO WE
START HOME TOMORROW?
WHAT TIME ARE WE
STARTING HOME?
YOU HEARD ME. WE!
SIX O'CLOCK TOO EARLY?
SIX O'CLOCK IS GREAT.
FARMERS LOVE
TO GET UP EARLY.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Caroline: ANYONE
FOR MORE COFFEE?
PLEASE. THANK YOU.
I WONDER IF HARRIET
WILL EVER GET BACK
FROM SHOPPING.
Laura: HOW MUCH MONEY
DID YOU WIN LAST NIGHT,
MR. OLESON?
Caroline: LAURA.
TO TELL YOU
THE TRUTH, LAURA,
I DON'T KNOW.
HARRIET COUNTED IT
AND HID IT.
MUST HAVE BEEN
QUITE A SUM, THOUGH.
SHE WOKE THE LADY UP
AT THE CLOTHING
STORE AT 5:00
THIS MORNING TO SHOP
FOR THE TRIP.
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
WALNUT GROVE AGAIN.
I CAN'T,
EITHER, SON.
FIRST THING
I'M GOING TO DO
IS GO FISHING...
ALONE...
WHERE IT'S QUIET.
I THINK WE'VE
ALL FORGOTTEN
WHAT QUIET IS.
I GAVE STANDISH
THE CASH BOX
AND THE BOOKS.
WE'RE READY
TO LEAVE
ANYTIME YOU ARE.
ALMOST 6:00.
WELL, I'LL JUST
DO THESE UP,
AND THEN WE'LL
BE READY TO GO.
MARY AND ADAM WILL
BE HERE AT 6:00.
Alice: WE CAN DO
OUR OWN DISHES,
CAROLINE.
DON'T BE SILLY.
I'M USED TO DOING
DISHES FOR 50 NOW.
[HUMMING]
DO YOU WANT
TO WASH OR DRY?
EITHER ONE.
ALL RIGHT. YOU DRY.
CARRIE WAS SO EXCITED
ABOUT GOING HOME, SHE
WET THE BED LAST NIGHT.
WELL, I COULDN'T
REALLY BLAME HER.
ALL THE EXCITEMENT,
FIREWORKS, TALKING
ABOUT GOING HOME.
SHE DIDN'T GO TO SLEEP
UNTIL AFTER 2:00.
I COULDN'T SLEEP, EITHER.
I WONDER HOW MANY
OF OUR OLD FRIENDS
WILL BE THERE.
DO YOU THINK DR. BAKER
WILL HAVE LEFT?
CHARLES?
HMM?
DO YOU THINK DR. BAKER
WILL STILL BE THERE?
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
I'LL START DRYING
ALL OF THESE.
CHARLES, MARY IS GOING
TO BE JUST FINE.
I KNOW. I'M NOT WORRIED
ABOUT MARY.
TALKING TO HER LAST NIGHT,
I FELT LIKE I WAS THE CHILD,
AND SHE WAS THE PARENT.
SHE'S A STRONG YOUNG WOMAN.
COMES
FROM GOOD STOCK.
WHAT?
NOTHING.
YOU'RE SURE?
AH, IT'S NOTHING. COME ON.
LET'S GET THE DISHES DONE.
ALBERT DIDN'T COME
IN TO HAVE BREAKFAST
OR SAY GOOD-BYE.
WELL, HE'S PROBABLY TIRED.
HE HAD TO TAKE OLD TOBY
HOME LAST NIGHT.
DOES HE KNOW
WE'RE LEAVING?
YEAH. ANDY TOLD HIM.
WELL, DID YOU SPEAK
TO HIM?
I STARTED TO, BUT HE SAID
HE HAD TO TAKE TOBY HOME.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
I SUPPOSE.
WELL, YOU MIGHT
AS WELL GET TO IT.
YOU'VE BEEN DRYING
THE SAME DISH
FOR TWO HOURS.
LAURA WILL
GIVE ME A HAND.
OK. I WON'T BE LONG.
OH, GOOD MORNING,
MR. ING--
WELL,
DID YOU SEE THAT?
NOT SO MUCH AS
A "GOOD MORNING" OR
A "BY YOUR LEAVE."
AH, WHAT A SHAME.
THE POOR
ARE ALWAYS JEALOUS
OF THE WEALTHY.
COME ON. LET'S SHOW
YOUR FATHER.
[HUMMING]
[PLAYING
SLOW SONG]
[SOFTLY]
ALBERT.
ALBERT,
YOU AWAKE?
JUST RESTING.
KIND OF THOUGHT
I'D SEE YOU
AT BREAKFAST.
I WANTED TO SAY
GOOD-BYE.
I WAS TIRED.
YEAH. WELL,
THAT FIGURES,
HAVING TO TAKE
OLD TOBY HOME
AND ALL.
WE'LL BE PULLING
OUT SOON.
HAVE A GOOD TRIP.
I WAS HOPING
YOU WOULD
COME ON OVER
AND SAY GOOD-BYE
TO EVERYBODY.
NO.
LIKE I SAID, I'M TIRED.
YEAH.
I'LL SEE YOU.
YEAH. SEE YOU.
MARY WILL BE HERE
IN A FEW MINUTES.
THE CHILDREN HAVE
A SURPRISE FOR US.
ISN'T ALBERT GOING
TO COME SAY GOOD-BYE
TO EVERYBODY?
NO, DARLING.
HE'S KIND OF TIRED.
ANYTHING ELSE INSIDE?
JUST ONE BOX
OF KITCHEN UTENSILS.
I'LL GET IT.
PA DOESN'T SEEM SO HAPPY
ABOUT GOING HOME.
IT'S NOT WHERE
HE'S GOING THAT'S
BOTHERING HIM.
IT'S WHAT
HE'S LEAVING BEHIND.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
WASN'T EASY
SAYING GOOD-BYE
TO THE BOY, WAS IT?
NO.
BUT HE'S A TOUGH
LITTLE FELLOW.
HE DID FINE BEFORE
WE GOT HERE. HE'LL
MAKE DO AFTER WE LEAVE.
IF YOU'RE
SO SURE OF THAT,
THEN WHAT'S WRONG?
I JUST GOT ATTACHED
TO HIM, THAT'S ALL.
WE ALL DID.
I THINK HE FEELS
THE SAME WAY
ABOUT US.
I KNOW HE DOES. THAT'S
WHY HE WON'T COME OVER.
HE WOULDN'T EVEN
LOOK AT ME WHEN
I SAID GOOD-BYE TO HIM.
THEN WHY DID YOU
SAY IT?
WHY'D I SAY WHAT?
GOOD-BYE.
HE'S ATTACHED TO US,
AND WE ARE TO HIM.
THEN WHY SAY
GOOD-BYE?
WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO,
ASK HIM TO COME WITH US?
THAT'S WHAT
YOU WANTED
TO DO, WASN'T IT?
WHAT SENSE
WOULD THAT MAKE?
WE HAVE ENOUGH
TO DO RAISING
OUR OWN CHILDREN.
IT WOULDN'T BE FAIR
TO YOU OR THE GIRLS.
NOW, JUST A MINUTE,
CHARLES INGALLS.
DON'T TURN THIS
AROUND ON THE WOMEN
IN YOUR FAMILY.
WE'VE ALWAYS MANAGED
QUITE WELL.
I THINK SOMETIMES
MEN TELL
THEIR WOMENFOLK
THAT THINGS WOULDN'T
BE FAIR TO THEM
BECAUSE THEY DON'T
WANT TO SHOULDER
THE RESPONSIBILITY
THEMSELVES.
NOW, IF YOU DON'T
THINK YOU CAN
HANDLE IT,
JUST SAY SO.
ALL RIGHT. I--I WAS
THINKING ABOUT IT.
HE'S ALL ALONE HERE.
WE KNOW HE'S NOT GOING
TO GO TO SCHOOL ANYMORE,
AND HE LIVES UNDER
THAT LOADING DOCK,
AND HE PRETENDS
THAT HE LIKES IT, AND
WE KNOW THAT HE DOESN'T.
AND IF HE DID COME
TO LIVE WITH US,
HE'D PULL HIS OWN WEIGHT.
HE'S A GOOD WORKER.
CHARLES, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO CONVINCE ME.
I'M THE ONE THAT
TOLD YOU TO ASK HIM.
I LOVE YOU.
TELL MARY
I'LL BE BACK!
ALBERT!
ALBERT, COME ON
AND SIT UP. I WANT
TO TALK TO YOU.
YOU BEEN CRYING?
NO. I GOT A COLD.
IT MAKES MY NOSE RUN.
ALL RIGHT.
THEN BLOW YOUR NOSE
AND LISTEN TO ME.
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE
TO COME WITH US BACK
TO WALNUT GROVE?
WELL, I--
NOW, JUST LISTEN TO ME.
I'M GOING BACK TO START
OVER, AND IT'S NOT
GOING TO BE EASY.
I THOUGHT MAYBE
WE COULD MAKE A DEAL.
WHAT KIND OF DEAL?
WELL, YOU LIKE GOING
TO SCHOOL, DON'T YOU?
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT. YOU'RE
NOT GOING TO BE ABLE
TO GO TO SCHOOL HERE,
BUT YOU CAN
IN WALNUT GROVE.
SO I WAS--WHAT I WAS
FIGURING WAS, I NEED
SOME HELP ON THE PLACE,
AND IF YOU'D HELP ME,
I'D TRADE YOU OFF
FOR ROOM AND BOARD,
AND YOU COULD GO
TO SCHOOL.
YOU MEAN...
LIVE WITH YOU?
YEAH.
I DON'T KNOW.
SEE, I'M SORT OF
USED TO BEING ALONE,
KIND OF SET
IN MY WAYS AND ALL.
WELL, LOOK, I--
I UNDERSTAND THAT,
BUT YOU--YOU GOT TO
SEE MY POSITION.
SEE, I GOT A FAMILY
THAT'S ALL WOMENFOLK,
AND I COULD SURE USE
A MAN AROUND THE PLACE
TO HELP ME.
I'M ASKING YOU
AS A FRIEND. I'D BE
BEHOLDEN TO YOU.
IT'D BE A FAVOR TO ME.
WELL, WE ARE FRIENDS.
I GUESS IT WOULDN'T
BE RIGHT FOR ME
TO LET A FRIEND DOWN
WHEN HE NEEDS ME.
I WAS HOPING YOU'D
SEE IT THAT WAY.
JUST DON'T GET IT
SET THAT I'LL BE
STAYING ON FOREVER.
AS LONG AS YOU NEED ME,
I'LL BE THERE,
BUT DON'T COUNT ON IT
BEING PERMANENT.
NO, NO.
I UNDERSTAND THAT.
IT'S A DEAL, THEN?
DEAL.
HOW LONG
WILL IT TAKE YOU
TO BE READY?
5 MINUTES?
SEE YOU IN FRONT
OF THE HOTEL
IN 5 MINUTES.
YEAH!
MA TOLD US.
IS HE COMING?
YEAH.
MA, HE'S COMING!
HEY, WHAT HAVE WE
HERE, DAUGHTER?
Mary: ALL THE CHILDREN
WANTED TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
Adam: THEY HAVE A PRESENT
HERE FOR YOU AND A SONG
THAT GOES WITH IT.
WE ALL
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
A HORSESHOE.
FOR GOOD LUCK.
WE THANK YOU.
KIDS?
[BLOWS NOTE]
WE JOURNEY ALONG
QUITE CONTENTED
WITH LIFE
AND TRY TO LIVE
PEACEFUL WITH ALL
WE KEEP OURSELVES
FREE
FROM ALL TROUBLE
AND STRIFE
AND WE'RE GLAD WHEN
OUR FRIENDS ON US CALL
OUR HOME, IT IS HAPPY
AND CHEERFUL
AND BRIGHT
WE'RE CONTENTED,
WE ASK NOTHING MORE
I'M WATCHING.
AND THE REASON
WE PROSPER
I'LL TELL TO YOU NOW
THERE'S A HORSESHOE
HUNG OVER THE DOOR
KEEP THE HORSESHOE
IT WILL BRING YOU
GOOD LUCK EVER MORE
IF YOU WANT
TO BE HAPPY
AND FREE
FROM ALL CARE
KEEP THE HORSESHOE
HUNG OVER THE DOOR
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL.
Adam: GOOD LUCK,
MR. INGALLS.
GOOD LUCK
TO YOU, ADAM.
LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU.
TAKE CARE
OF MY BABY,
ALL RIGHT?
I WILL, SIR.
WE'D BEST ALL GET
IN THE WAGON, HUH?
GOD BE WITH YOU,
MARY.
HE WILL BE.
I'M GOING TO STUDY
REAL HARD, MARY.
I'M GOING TO BE
A TEACHER SOMEDAY,
JUST LIKE YOU.
I KNOW YOU WILL.
AND I'M GOING TO WRITE
TO YOU EVERY DAY, TOO.
I'LL USE
MY BRAILLE WRITER.
I--I'LL WRITE YOU, TOO.
I LOVE YOU, MARY.
I LOVE YOU.
CAROLINE!
I MUST HAVE
DOZED OFF.
I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT WANT
TO LOOK AT IT FROM UP HERE.
OH, CHARLES.
OH!
I DIDN'T REALIZE
TILL THIS MINUTE
HOW MUCH
I'VE MISSED IT.
CHILDREN!
WAKE UP!
WE'RE HOME!
HYAH!
SEE? LOOK UP THERE.
THAT'S WHERE WE SLEEP--
IN THE LOFT.
AND SEE IN HERE? LOOK.
PA PUT A PUMP IN
AND EVERYTHING.
PA, THE PUMP IS BROKEN.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT,
DARLING. IT JUST NEEDS
TO BE PRIMED.
WELL, IT SURE IS DIRTY.
WE'LL START CLEANING UP
IN A MINUTE.
FIRST, I WANT EVERYBODY
TO JUST LISTEN.
JUST LISTEN.
I DON'T HEAR
ANYTHING,
EXCEPT MAYBE
A BIRD.
WELL, THAT'S JUST
THE POINT. IT'S QUIET.
FOR THE FIRST TIME
IN MONTHS,
IT'S REALLY QUIET.
AMEN.
NOW, LET'S GET IT
CLEANED UP.
Carrie: AAH!
HELP, PA!
OH, NO. CARRIE!
CARRIE!
CARRIE, ARE YOU
ALL RIGHT?
YES.
HA HA HA!
OH!
NOW IT'S HOME.
THERE YOU GO.
THAT'LL GIVE YOU
A LITTLE PRIVACY,
HUH?
THANKS, PA.
ALL RIGHT,
THE TWO OF YOU
GET READY FOR BED.
DON'T WORRY. I WILL.
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO TIRED.
THE BOTH OF YOU
PUT IN A GOOD DAY.
I'LL BE DOWN
TO KISS YOU
GOOD NIGHT.
OK, HONEY.
CARRIE FELL ASLEEP
SOMEWHERE BETWEEN
"GOD BLESS LAURA"
AND "GOD BLESS ALBERT."
CAN'T BLAME HER.
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
OH, TIRED...
BUT SO GOOD.
YEAH. ME, TOO.
HOUSE SHOULD BE
IN SHIPSHAPE
BY TOMORROW.
YEAH. I'M GOING TO GO
INTO TOWN FIRST THING
IN THE MORNING,
SEE HOW THINGS
ARE THERE.
BE SURE AND STOP
AT THE SCHOOL.
THAT'S MY FIRST ORDER
OF BUSINESS. I'LL GET
THE CHILDREN REGISTERED.
OH, I HOPE
THEY HAVE
A GOOD TEACHER.
IT'LL BE HARD TO FIND ONE
LIKE MRS. SIMMS,
BUT AT LEAST THEY'LL BE
GOING TO A REAL SCHOOL
AND NOT A LIVERY STABLE.
Laura: ALBERT,
PULL THAT BLANKET CLOSED.
Albert: HOW WAS I
SUPPOSED TO KNOW
YOU WERE CHANGING?
ALBERT!
YES, SIR?
I DON'T WANT YOU OPENING
THAT DRAPE WITHOUT
ASKING LAURA FIRST.
YES, SIR.
AND, LAURA,
THAT GOES FOR YOU, TOO.
Laura: YES, SIR.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU CAN OPEN IT NOW.
AND I BETTER NOT
CATCH YOU PEEKING.
PEEKING AT WHAT?
PEEKING AT ME,
THAT'S WHAT.
WHAT'S THERE
TO PEEK AT?
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
NOTHING.
Caroline: LAURA,
HURRY UP NOW.
COMING.
SURE DIDN'T HAVE
THESE PROBLEMS SLEEPING
UNDER THE STAIRS.
AND I'LL BET
SHE SNORES.
[LAURA SNORING]
Albert: I KNEW IT.
I JUST KNEW IT.
HEY. MORNING, CHARLES.
MORNING, JONATHAN.
I WAS HEADING INTO TOWN.
THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
WANT TO COME ALONG.
ANYTHING TO GET OUT
OF THIS HOUSEWORK.
ALICE, I'M GOING
INTO TOWN WITH CHARLES.
BE BACK IN A WHILE.
JUST A MINUTE.
WHEN YOU WENT FISHING
YESTERDAY,
YOU PROMISED
YOU'D HELP ME CLEAN UP
ALL DAY TODAY.
I WILL AS SOON
AS I GET BACK.
WE'LL ONLY BE GONE
FOR A WHILE.
OH, ALL RIGHT.
CHARLES, IF YOU WANT
TO COME OVER FOR SUPPER
TONIGHT, ASK YOUR FAMILY.
WE'VE GOT
MORE THAN ENOUGH FISH.
YOU SURE NO TROUBLE?
NOT AT ALL.
ALL RIGHT.
SOUNDS GOOD.
JUST BE SURE
HE'S BACK IN TWO HOURS.
I PROMISE.
SEE YOU THEN.
SEE YA.
YOU GO FISHING
YESTERDAY?
YEAH. CAUGHT
A MESS OF THEM.
TELL YOU ONE THING.
I DON'T CARE
WHAT HAPPENS.
I AIN'T NEVER
GOING TO MOVE AWAY
FROM HERE AGAIN,
EVEN IF I HAVE TO
EAT FISH EVERY DAY
OF MY LIFE.
HA HA HA!
LAND SAKES, CHARLES,
JUST LOOK AT IT.
LET'S CHECK
INSIDE THE SCHOOL.
YEAH.
JUST LOOK
AT THIS PLACE.
DUST AN INCH THICK.
HARD TO IMAGINE
THIS TOWN WITHOUT
ANY CHURCH SERVICES.
JONATHAN, CHARLES.
THIS PLACE IS SURE
A MESS, ISN'T IT?
WHAT'S HAPPENED?
THERE'S NO MONEY
FOR A TEACHER,
AND FOLKS JUST STOPPED
COMING IN TO CHURCH.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE TOWN COUNCIL?
WELL, DR. BAKER'S
STILL HERE.
HE'S NOT MAKING A LIVING,
REALLY. HE'S JUST
LOOKING AFTER LARS.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO MR. HANSON?
HE HAD A STROKE.
HOW BAD IS HE?
DOC SAYS HE'S JUST
GIVEN UP ON LIVING.
HE WAS THE TOWN ELDER.
WHEN THE TOWN DIED,
IT JUST--
WELL, IT BROKE HIM.
I DIDN'T THINK
THINGS WOULD BE
THIS BAD.
ME NEITHER.
THE MAIL COMES IN
OR GOES OUT ONCE EVERY
TWO WEEKS ON SATURDAY.
MRS. FOSTER
LOOKS AFTER IT.
I'M GOING OVER TO SLEEPY EYE
TOMORROW, STOCK UP--
JUST START WITH A SHORT
STOCK TO BEGIN WITH
AND SEE HOW THINGS GO.
ARE YOU GOING TO
CARRY SEED?
I GUESS I'D BETTER.
EVERYTHING ELSE
IS SHUT DOWN.
APPRECIATE IT.
WE'LL SPREAD
THE WORD ABOUT YOUR
BEING OPEN AGAIN.
THANKS.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
I BETTER BE GOING.
WHY DON'T YOU TWO
DROP OVER AND SEE
THE DOC?
WE WILL.
BE IN IN A FEW DAYS
FOR SOME SEED, TOO.
GOOD ENOUGH.
IT WAS A TOWN ONCE.
MAYBE IT WILL BE AGAIN.
LET'S GO SEE THE DOC.
SURE YOU DON'T WANT
SOME MORE COFFEE?
NO. NOT FOR ME, DOC.
I WISH I HAD
SOME GOOD NEWS FOR YOU...
BUT THERE JUST ISN'T ANY.
OH, I'VE WANTED TO GO DOWN
THAT ROAD MYSELF...
BUT LARS,
FEW OF THE OTHER OLDER FOLKS
NEEDED TENDING AND...
HOW BAD IS MR. HANSON?
STROKE.
BUT NOT A REAL BAD ONE.
BUT HE JUST
WON'T COME BACK.
HE STARTED THIS TOWN,
YOU KNOW.
WHEN THE TOWN
STARTED TO DIE...
HE STARTED TO DIE
WITH IT.
LARS NEVER HAD
A FAMILY OF HIS OWN.
IT WAS ALWAYS THE TOWN.
IT WAS HIS LIFE.
NOW IT'S OVER.
CAN WE VISIT
WITH HIM, DOC?
SURELY. FIXED A ROOM
FOR HIM UPSTAIRS SO I COULD
KEEP AN EYE ON HIM.
HE'S GOING TO LOOK
DIFFERENT TO YOU--
A LOT DIFFERENT.
HE WON'T DO FOR HIMSELF...
OR LET ME,
FOR THAT MATTER.
HE ALMOST...
LOOKS LIKE THE TOWN.
LARS?
LARS, YOU'VE GOT
COMPANY.
MR. HANSON?
I GOT TO TELL YOU,
YOU WERE RIGHT
ABOUT THE CITY.
IT WASN'T FOR US.
LET ME GET SOME LIGHT
IN HERE.
PULL DOWN THE SHADE.
LARS, IT'S CHARLES
AND JONATHAN.
THEY WANT TO SPEND
SOME TIME WITH YOU.
PULL IT DOWN!
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
THERE'S A LOT OF LIGHT
IN HERE.
THERE IS...NOBODY HERE.
THERE IS NO TOWN.
IT IS GONE.
I KNOW
THE TOWN NEEDS
A LOT OF FIXING UP,
BUT THE TOWN'S
STILL HERE.
P-PEOPLE...
MAKE THE TOWN...
NOT BUILDINGS.
THE PEOPLE
DON'T CARE ANYMORE.
THE SPIRIT IS GONE.
NOT IN US.
THAT'S WHY
WE CAME BACK.
WE LOVE THIS TOWN
LIKE YOU DO.
THEN PULL DOWN
YOUR SHADES...
AND MOURN YOUR LOVED ONES
IN PEACE.
WALNUT GROVE IS DEAD.
WE'LL BE BACK TO
SEE YOU IN A WHILE.
REMEMBER HOW THE OLD MAN
USED TO COME IN
AND YELL AT US
IN THE MORNING?
YEAH.
MOSTLY
ABOUT NOTHING.
I USED TO GET SO MAD
I COULD SPIT.
THEN IT GOT SO AS
THAT HE DIDN'T YELL.
I MISS HIM.
REALIZE HOW LONG IT'S BEEN
SINCE WE ATE OUTSIDE?
CAN YOU IMAGINE
TRYING THIS
IN THE CITY?
THEY'D RUN OVER US
WITH A WAGON.
SMELLS GOOD.
I HOPE IT IS.
JONATHAN, WILL YOU
SAY THE BLESSING?
CERTAINLY.
DEAR LORD, THANK YOU
FOR ALL OF YOUR BLESSINGS,
FOR THE FOOD ON THE TABLE,
AND FOR THE FRIENDS AROUND US...
AND FOR HELPING US
TO FIND OUR WAY BACK HOME.
[GRACE CRIES]
LORD, WE'D LIKE TO ASK
FOR A SPECIAL BLESSING
FOR A DEAR FRIEND OF OURS
WHO NEEDS YOUR HELP
AND YOUR STRENGTH.
SHOW HIM THE WAY, LORD.
AMEN.
EVERYBODY
SERVE YOURSELVES.
NO, THANK YOU.
IF WE'RE GOING TO
GET OUR TOWN BACK
ON ITS FEET,
WE'RE GOING TO NEED
ALL OUR STRENGTH.
I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL
ABOUT MR. HANSON, BUT--
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I TELL YOU,
WE'RE GOING TO NEED
A LOT OF STRENGTH
JUST TO GET
THAT MILL STARTED.
I'M AFRAID HANSON
ISN'T GOING TO EVEN
TRY IT, CHARLES.
THEN WE WILL.
TOWNS
LIKE SLEEPY EYE
AND MOONEY
HAVE GROWN A LOT.
THEY'RE GOING TO
NEED FLOUR.
WE'RE NOT GOING TO
GET RICH BY IT,
BUT AT LEAST IT'LL
GIVE THE FARMERS
A MARKET FOR THEIR
CROPS, GIVE THEM
A REASON TO PLANT.
MAYBE SO.
WHAT KIND OF CONDITION
IS THE SCHOOLHOUSE IN?
IT'S A MESS, BUT
THE BUILDING'S STILL GOOD.
I THINK WITH SOME
ELBOW GREASE AND A COUPLE
NEW COATS OF PAINT,
BE AS GOOD AS NEW.
FIRST OF ALL,
WE'VE GOT TO GET AHOLD
OF THE NEIGHBORS,
LET THEM KNOW WHAT
WE'RE PLANNING TO DO.
LET THEM KNOW
WE HAVE A SCHOOL AGAIN.
WE DO?
IT ONLY TAKES
STUDENTS AND A TEACHER,
AND WE HAVE BOTH.
Charles: ALL RIGHT,
WE DO HAVE A START.
I DON'T KNOW HOW MANY
OF THE OLD FRIENDS
ARE STILL AROUND HERE,
BUT THE SOONER
WE GET THE WORD OUT
TO THEM, THE BETTER.
I KNOW THE CAULDER
FAMILY'S STILL IN TOWN.
I SAW THEIR WAGON
THIS MORNING.
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE FINISH EATING,
WE GET STARTED?
RIGHT.
Alice: WRONG.
BEFORE YOU START FIXING UP
THE TOWN, YOU TAKE CARE
OF YOUR OWN HOUSE.
I CAN'T EVEN GET
TO THE BARN UNTIL YOU
CUT BACK THAT MUSTARD.
Jonathan: YES, DEAR.
ALBERT AND I CAN
TELL FOLKS, TOO.
I'LL GO
WITH YOU.
Jonathan: WRONG.
WE GOT WEEDS TO CUT, SON.
I'LL BE NEEDING YOUR HELP.
YES, SIR.
Charles: IT'S GOING TO TAKE
A COUPLE OF DAYS TO GET
THE WORD TO EVERYBODY.
TODAY'S TUESDAY.
LET'S SAY EVERYBODY
THAT WANTS TO HELP,
MEET US IN TOWN
THURSDAY MORNING.
Caroline: I WONDER
IF WE CAN GET WORD
TO REVEREND ALDEN.
IT WOULD BE SO GOOD
FOR THE TOWN TO HAVE
PROPER SERVICES AGAIN.
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
HE MUST STILL BE PREACHING
IN SLEEPY EYE ONCE A MONTH.
NELS IS GOING
IN THERE TOMORROW.
I'LL HAVE HIM CHECK AROUND.
THANK YOU.
Alice: THAT'S ENOUGH PLAN.
NOW EAT UP ALL THIS FISH
BEFORE IT DRIES UP.
Jonathan: I TELL YOU ONE THING.
I THINK I GOT MY APPETITE BACK.
Laura: HEY, YOU GUYS!
YOU GUYS!
EVERYBODY'S COMING
INTO TOWN THURSDAY MORNING
TO HELP CLEAN IT UP.
CAN YOU COME?
YEAH!
WE'LL BE THERE.
OK. SEE YOU THURSDAY!
BYE!
YOU'RE WASTING
YOUR TIME, INGALLS.
MAKING DO, SURVIVING--
THAT'S ALL FOLKS CARE
ABOUT AROUND HERE.
THAT DOESN'T SOUND
LIKE YOU, MILES.
YOU WERE ALWAYS
PROUD OF THIS TOWN.
THAT'S RIGHT--WAS.
YOU CAN BE
PROUD OF IT AGAIN
IF YOU JUST HELP US.
I WORKED FOR 18 YEARS
ON THIS FARM.
TOOK ME 15 YEARS TO SAVE
ENOUGH MONEY TO BUY MY SARAH
SOME STORE-BOUGHT FURNITURE.
TOOK 15 MINUTES TO SELL IT
TO PAY MY TAXES.
I'M NOT PRETENDING
THINGS AREN'T BAD.
I KNOW THEY ARE.
YOU KNOW WHAT
THAT FURNITURE MEANT
TO MY SARAH?
WAITING ALL THESE YEARS
FOR A DREAM TO COME TRUE,
THEN IT'S JUST TAKEN AWAY
JUST LIKE THAT.
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT IT'S DONE.
IT MADE HER
AN OLD WOMAN.
THAT'S WHAT IT DONE.
NOW YOU'RE STARTING
THIS TALK ABOUT SCHOOL,
CHURCH MEETINGS AGAIN.
IF THERE'S A GOD...
AND I'M SAYING IF...
HE DON'T GIVE A HOOT
ABOUT US.
YOU DON'T MEAN THAT,
MILES.
I DON'T?
YOU COME WITH ME.
SARAH, MR. INGALLS COME BY
FOR A VISIT.
MRS. CAULDER.
YESTERDAY WAS
MY WIFE'S BIRTHDAY,
MR. INGALLS.
SHE WAS 45 YEARS OLD.
I THINK IT'S BEST
THAT YOU GO NOW.
YOU MUST BE DEAD-TIRED,
YOUNG LADY.
I SURE AM, MA.
YOU COVERED A LOT
OF MILES TODAY.
I WISH I FELT BETTER
ABOUT IT.
YOU DID YOUR BEST.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO FOLKS.
LIKE MR. MORGAN--
HE WAS SO PROUD OF OUR TOWN.
I WAS SURE HE WOULD HELP,
BUT ALL HE SAID WAS THAT
HE WANTED TO BE ALONE.
SOME PEOPLE
ARE GOING TO HELP.
WELL, ALL THE KIDS
WANTED TO HELP.
EVEN BOBBY JOE BEAN
WAS HAPPY THAT WE WERE
GOING TO HAVE SCHOOL AGAIN,
AND HE HATED SCHOOL.
A LOT OF TIMES
WE THINK WE DON'T
LIKE SOMETHING
TILL WE DON'T HAVE IT
FOR A WHILE.
YEAH...LIKE WATERMELON--
YOU EAT IT ALL SUMMER LONG
UNTIL YOU HATE IT,
AND THEN IN THE WINTER,
ALL YOU DO IS DREAM
ABOUT IT.
I KNOW
WHAT YOU MEAN.
[HORSES APPROACHING]
YOUR PA'S BACK.
I SURE HOPE HE DID
BETTER WITH THE GROWN-UPS
THAN I DID.
WELL, YOU WON'T FIND
OUT TILL THE MORNING.
TO SLEEP.
GOOD NIGHT, MA.
GOOD NIGHT.
GOOD NIGHT, ALBERT.
GOOD NIGHT, MA'AM.
LAURA?
WHAT?
WHY DON'T YOU STAY
AWAKE FOR A WHILE?
WHY SHOULD I?
I'M TIRED.
WELL, YOU SEE,
IF YOU'D STAY AWAKE
A LITTLE WHILE,
I COULD
GO TO SLEEP FAST,
AND I WOULDN'T HEAR
YOU SNORE.
I CAN GO TO SLEEP
REAL QUICK
WHILE YOU JUST
THINK ABOUT STUFF
TO KEEP YOU AWAKE,
LIKE RATS OR SNAKES
OR MONSTERS OR--
[LAURA SNORING]
JUST MY LUCK.
NOTHING KEEPS HER
AWAKE.
HI. HOW'D IT GO?
I DON'T KNOW.
EVERYBODY'S SO BITTER.
THEY BLAME
THE GOVERNMENT FOR NOT
STOPPING THE RAILROADS.
THEY BLAME THE GRANGE.
THEY EVEN BLAME GOD
FOR LETTING IT HAPPEN.
IT DOESN'T DO ANY GOOD
TO BLAME ANYONE.
IT'S GOING TO TAKE US
ALL TO CHANGE IT.
I JUST DON'T THINK
ANYBODY CARES.
DID THEY ALL SAY NO?
WELL, THE ONES
WHO DIDN'T SAY NO
DIDN'T SAY YES, EITHER.
THEY'D THINK ABOUT IT.
I GUESS WE'LL KNOW
COME THURSDAY MORNING.
YOU'VE HARDLY TOUCHED
YOUR SUPPER, YOU OLD GOAT.
I WASN'T HUNGRY.
HMM.
NOT A VERY GOOD REFLECTION
ON MY COOKING.
WHY DON'T YOU LET ME
HEAT UP THE SOUP AGAIN?
50 YEARS AGO...
50 YEARS AGO,
I CAME HERE,
AND THERE WAS NOTHING...
NOTHING.
CHARLES WAS BY AGAIN
THIS AFTERNOON.
HE'S GOING AROUND
TO ALL THE FARMS,
GETTING PEOPLE TOGETHER.
THEY'RE GOING TO FIX UP
THE TOWN.
AND THEY'LL DO IT.
YOU WAIT AND SEE.
CHARLES IS A DREAMER.
HE'S ALWAYS BEEN
A DREAMER.
WEREN'T YOU A DREAMER
WHEN YOU COME HERE
50-ODD YEARS AGO?
I WAS YOUNG THEN.
I DIDN'T KNOW BETTER.
CHARLES SHOULD KNOW
BETTER.
YEAH, AND YOU DON'T KNOW
ANY BETTER THAN TO
JUST LIE THERE.
YOU DON'T DO
YOUR EXERCISES.
YOU WON'T GET BETTER
IF YOU DON'T DO
YOUR EXERCISES.
I CAN'T.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
YOU WON'T EVEN TRY.
I CAN'T.
YOU CAN, BUT YOU WON'T.
I AM AN OLD MAN.
LET ME DIE IN PEACE.
SO NOW YOU'RE OLD,
YOU'RE JUST GOING TO
LIE THERE, FEEL SORRY
FOR YOURSELF?
IF I WANT TO, YES.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
LISTEN.
I NEVER ASKED YOU
TO LISTEN.
SEE YOU IN THE MORNING.
WHAT TIME IS IT
GETTING TO BE, DOC?
ALMOST 9:00.
WELL, LOOKS LIKE
MR. HANSON MIGHT HAVE
BEEN RIGHT AFTER ALL.
YEAH.
WHAT WILL WE DO
IF NOBODY SHOWS UP?
I DON'T KNOW,
ALBERT.
WE'LL JUST HAVE TO
DO IT WITHOUT THEM, PA.
WE CAN DO IT.
HALF-PINT--
WE CAN DO IT, PA.
YOU ALWAYS SAY
A PERSON CAN DO
ANYTHING HE WANTS TO
ONCE HE SETS
HIS MIND TO IT.
IF THE PEOPLE DON'T CARE,
THERE ISN'T--
[HORSES APPROACHING]
IT'S MR. CAULDER
AND THE MORGAN KIDS!
HA HA!
IT'S GOOD
TO SEE YOU, MILES.
IT WAS SARAH.
I TOLD HER WHAT YOU SAID.
SHE DIDN'T SAY NOTHING
FOR THE LONGEST TIME,
AND THEN SHE
STARTED CLEANING.
THERE AIN'T NOTHING THERE
BUT AN OLD ROCKER
AND A PALLET ON THE FLOOR,
BUT SHE STARTED CLEANING.
I GUESS YOU GOT TO
START SOMEWHERE.
I RECKON YOU DO.
[HORSES APPROACHING]
YOU KNOW, I THINK
THERE'S LIFE
IN THIS OLD TOWN
YET.
COME ON,
LET'S GET TO WORK!
Charles: IT'S RUNNING!
HEY, EVERYBODY,
THE MILL'S RUNNING!
WE GOT HER FIXED!
IT'S RUNNING!
PRAISE BE.
HERE. I BROUGHT YOU
SOME MORE WATER.
I'M SO THIRSTY
I COULD DRINK
A WHOLE OCEAN.
ME, TOO.
I CAN'T BELIEVE ANYONE
COULD BE THAT THIRSTY.
I'M SURE
YOU CAN'T.
YOU NEVER DID
ANYTHING TO GET
THIRSTY ABOUT.
Laura: HA HA HA!
[HOOFBEATS APPROACHING]
HEY, NELS IS BACK.
HOW YOU DOING?
THE TOWN'S
LOOKING UP! YEAH.
I GOT A LOAD OF SEED
IN THE OTHER WAGON.
GREAT, GREAT,
NELS.
DID YOU HAPPEN TO SEE
THE REVEREND ALDEN?
YEAH, I SAW HIM.
WELL, WHAT
DID HE SAY?
CAN HE COME?
NOTHING CAN STOP HIM.
HE'LL BE HERE
THIS SUNDAY.
WELL, THIS SUNDAY?
WE GOT TO GET
THE CHURCH FIXED UP.
HEY, EVERYBODY,
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
SERVICES SUNDAY!
COME ON, LET'S
GET IT FIXED UP!
LET'S GO!
[CHEERING]
LET'S GO FIX UP
THE CHURCH!
[CHILDREN SHOUTING]
ALL RIGHT,
LET'S GET GOING.
NELLIE, WILLIE!
COME ON, YOU LIVE
IN THIS TOWN, TOO!
LET'S GET TO WORK!
MOTHER SAID IT'S TOO HOT
AND WE SHOULD STAY
IN THE SHADE.
I DON'T CARE WHAT
YOUR MOTHER SAID!
YOU GET OFF YOUR BUTTS
AND GET TO WORK! NOW!
WELL! I HEARD THAT,
NELS OLESON!
HOW DARE YOU SAY
YOU DON'T CARE
WHAT I SAY!
OH, SHUT UP!
[MUTTERING]
WHA--SHUT UP?!
YOU TELL ME
TO SHUT UP?
I'LL TELL YOU
TO SHUT UP.
HOW DARE YOU TELL ME
TO SHUT UP!
SINCE WHEN DO YOU
WEAR THE PANTS
IN THIS FAMILY,
I'D LIKE TO--
SINCE I GOT THIS!
OH! MY G--
GET TO WORK, WOMAN!
[GASPING]
NOW!
OH, NELS!
[SCREAMING]
Harriet: GOING TO KILL ME!
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY!
LET'S GET TO WORK!
I WONDER IF
HE'S BEEN LOOKING
OUT THE WINDOW.
I'M SURE HE HEARD
ALL THE ACTIVITY.
LARS!
HELP ME GET HIM
INTO BED, JONATHAN.
YEAH.
I'LL GET MY BAG.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE
ALL RIGHT, MR. HANSON.
YOUR TOWN
AIN'T DEAD YET.
YOU GOT TO SEE IT
AGAIN.
WHA--CAROLINE,
YOU'VE BEEN
READING THAT BIBLE
FOR AN HOUR.
DON'T YOU THINK
YOU OUGHT TO GET
SOME SLEEP?
I DON'T KNOW, CHARLES.
I'M JUST NOT SLEEPY
FOR SOME REASON.
WELL, DO YOU THINK
THAT SOME REASON
JUST MIGHT BE
THE FACT THAT
REVEREND ALDEN'S COMING
TO TOWN TOMORROW?
IT IS EXCITING,
ISN'T IT?
TO HAVE A REGULAR SERVICE
AND ALL OUR FRIENDS THERE.
I GOT TO ADMIT--
I NEVER THOUGHT
WE'D SEE IT.
PEOPLE CAN DO ANYTHING
IF THEY WORK TOGETHER.
AGREED,
AND PEOPLE CAN
GET A LOT OF SLEEP
IF THEY PUT
THE LIGHT OUT.
AGREED.
HA HA HA!
GOOD NIGHT.
[FOOTSTEPS]
ALBERT?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
OUT OF BED?
I'M GOING TO SLEEP
IN THE BARN.
YOU AND LAURA
HAVE AN ARGUMENT?
HOW CAN YOU HAVE AN ARGUMENT
WITH SOMEONE
WHO JUST LIES THERE
AND SNORES ALL THE TIME?
YOU MIGHT THINK
IT'S QUIETER
OUT HERE IN THE COUNTRY,
MR. INGALLS.
THAT'S JUST BECAUSE
YOU DON'T HAVE TO SLEEP
UP IN THE LOFT
WITH LAURA THE LOCOMOTIVE.
NIGHT, SIR.
[QUIETLY]
GOOD NIGHT, ALBERT.
HA HA HA!
GOOD NIGHT.
NO SNORING.
[SNORING]
HA HA HA!
HE'S STILL VERY WEAK.
I WISH TO HEAVEN
THERE WAS SOMETHING
I COULD DO.
IT'S OUT
OF OUR HANDS.
WHY DON'T YOU GET
SOME SLEEP, DOC?
I'LL STAY WITH HIM.
NO. I'D BETTER STAY
WITH YOU.
THAT WAY WE CAN
SPELL EACH OTHER.
NO SENSE
IN BOTH OF US BEING UP.
ALL RIGHT.
IF YOU'LL, UH...
IF YOU'LL STOP BY
AND TELL ALICE
WHERE I AM,
I'D APPRECIATE IT.
SURE. I'LL
BRING HER INTO TOWN
TOMORROW MORNING,
IF THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
THANKS, DOC.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSING]
LORD, I TRY
AND THANK YOU
FOR ALL YOUR
BLESSINGS AND...
AND I TRY AND KEEP
MY FAVOR-ASKING DOWN
AS BEST I CAN...
BUT THIS IS
KIND OF SPECIAL.
I KNOW MR. HANSON
IS AWFUL SICK.
HE'S BEEN
A LOT OF YEARS
ON THIS OLD EARTH
OF YOURS...
BUT IF HE COULD JUST SEE
HIS TOWN ONE MORE TIME,
IT WOULD MEAN
A LOT TO HIM.
THAT AIN'T
THE WHOLE TRUTH, LORD.
IT WOULD MEAN
A LOT TO ME, TOO.
YOU SEE, I--I KNOW
I SHOULD BELIEVE
THAT HE'S GOING TO
BE ABLE TO SEE IT ALL
FROM UP THERE
WHEN HE SEES YOU
IN HEAVEN...
BUT MY FAITH JUST AIN'T
THAT STRONG YET, LORD.
I WISH IT WAS,
BUT IT AIN'T,
AND THAT'S
THE WAY IT IS.
SO IF YOU COULD
JUST LET HIM SEE IT
ONE MORE TIME
WHILE HE'S STILL HERE,
THAT WOULD TAKE
A BIG LOAD OFF MY MIND.
HE'S A FINE MAN,
LORD.
THANK YOU
FOR LISTENING.
AMEN.
[BELL RINGING]
IT'S...
IT'S A MIRACLE!
MR. HANSON!
THE TOWN--
YOU SEE THE TOWN?
YEAH, I SEE IT.
YOU GOT TO GET
BACK INTO BED.
NO, NO. I'M GOING TO
GET DRESSED.
YOU HELP ME.
I--I GO TO CHURCH!
NO, NO.
THE REVEREND ALDEN
WILL STOP BY
AND SEE YOU AFTER
THE SERVICE IS DONE.
NO, NO. YOU HELP ME,
OR I'LL MANAGE FOR MYSELF.
PLEASE, MR. HANSON.
DON'T ARGUE.
I AM NOT ONLY
YOUR ELDER,
I AM YOUR BOSS!
YES, SIR.
NOW, I...
I...
I HAVE TO SHAVE.
COME ON, COME ON!
GET GOING!
YES, SIR.
[BELL RINGING]
GOOD HEAVENS, HOW LONG
DOES HE HAVE TO RING
THAT BELL?
HE WANTS
TO MAKE SURE
EVERYBODY IN
THE COUNTRYSIDE
HEARS IT.
WELL, HE'S RUNG IT
LONG ENOUGH TO WAKE
THE DEVIL. HA HA!
IT WOKE YOU, DEAR.
HA HA HA!
LET'S GO UP
AND SAY HELLO
TO THE REVEREND.
CHARLES, I'LL GO DOWN
AND STAY WITH LARS.
GIVE JONATHAN A CHANCE
TO BE WITH HIS FAMILY.
ALL RIGHT, TOM.
[FOOTSTEPS]
LARS!
DR. BAKER.
DOC, I--I TRIED
TO TALK HIM
INTO STAYING
IN HIS BED.
HE WON'T
LISTEN TO ME.
YOU TALK TO HIM.
LARS, I WANT YOU
BACK IN YOUR BED.
LET ME BE.
LARS.
I SAID
LET ME BE.
I AM GOING TO CHURCH.
ALL RIGHT, LARS.
JUST LEAN ON US.
[SPEAKING
SCANDINAVIAN LANGUAGE]
LARS HANSON...
DOES NOT GET CARRIED
INTO CHURCH.
I WALK BY MYSELF.
THE DAY I DIE...
YOU CARRY ME
INTO CHURCH--
NOT BEFORE.
NOT IN FRONT
OF THE TOWN.
A GOOD LORD'S DAY
TO YOU, LARS.
AND TO YOU,
REVEREND...
TO ALL OF YOU.
I AM GOING TO
PRAY TO GOD...
TO FORGIVE ME...
FOR NOT BELIEVING
ENOUGH IN HIM...
AND IN YOU.
IN...
THE 50 YEARS
THAT I HAVE BEEN HERE
IN--IN WALNUT GROVE...
I HAVE NEVER BEEN...
AS PROUD AS I AM
RIGHT NOW.
MAY GOD BLESS
ALL OF YOU.
Alden: LET'S
SING OF OUR JOY
AS WE ENTER
THE CHURCH
THIS MORNING.
MAY THE WHOLE WORLD
KNOW THE JOY
WE FEEL.
JOY TO THE WORLD.
JOY TO THE WORLD,
THE LORD IS COME
LET EARTH RECEIVE
HER KING
LET EVERY HEART
PREPARE HIM ROOM
AND HEAVEN AND NATURE
SING
AND HEAVEN
AND NATURE SING
AND HEAVEN AND NATURE
SING
HE RULES THE WORLD
WITH TRUTH AND GRACE
[SINGING CONTINUES]
AND HEAVEN AND NATURE
SING
AND HEAVEN
AND NATURE SING
AND HEAVEN AND NATURE
SING
Laura, voice-over:
4 MONTHS LATER,
MR. HANSON PASSED AWAY
QUIETLY IN HIS SLEEP.
HE DIED HAPPY, DOC SAID,
BECAUSE HE KNEW THE TOWN
HE LOVED WOULD LIVE ON,
AND SO WOULD THE NAME AND MEMORY
OF MR. HANSON.